I want to create a proposal with 5000 words for P. Hd. research on Cyber Threat Intelligence Gathering in Advance Persistent Threat using AI. The proposal focuses on how to build a next-generation unified security operation center to gather cyber threat intelligence and advanced presistent threats by laveraging the open source technologies. The netxt-generation unified security operation center bundle will be known as SOC-in-a-Box (SOCBOX). The SOC technologies includes the following ELK Security stack and Open Source technologies. The Data Sources layer includes Elastic Endpoint, Syslog, Winlogbeat, Filebeat, Auditbeat, Metricbeat, Threat feeds from MIST, Open Threat exchange (OTX), HIDS, IPS, and threat exchange databases. The Dataa Processing Layer includes Logstash and Elasticsearch. The Incident response and Automation layer includes TheHive, Cortex XSOAR, Elastic SIEM. The AI-Driven Analysis and Detection layer includes Kibana AI, User Entity Behavior Analysis, Generative AI and Elastic Machine Learning models. The Threat simulation layer includes Infection Monkey, OpenVAS, and Automic Red Team. The Malware Analysis layer includes Cuckoo Sandbox and Elastic Endpoint. The Threat Intelligence and Collaboration Layer includes MISP, Internal Threat Exchange, External Threat Exchange, Elastic, SIGMA and Yara rules databases. Finally the Monitoring and visualization layer includes Kibana and Elastic SIEM.
Focus on the people, process and technology so that you can focus the value, outcome and importance of this SOCBOX for universities, Government and Enterprise. Hightlight the features, capabilities and importance of this SOCBOX for cyber threat intelligence and advanced persistent threat hunting. You need to include the human resources like SOC manager, SOC Team Leads, Security Analyst for level 1, 2, and 3, Security Engineer, Security Architect, Malware Reverse Engineers, and other SOC related human resources. In order to make it proper and good include SOC processes, SOC related complinces for SOCBOX product itself and compliance reports that needs to be produced from SOCBOX for customer prospect.
The proposal is to submit for University of West London by researcher Yogesh Ghimire